#1987 Adding CONTRIBUTING.md (#433)
OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> When contributing to this repository, read the Pull Request Process section and if necessary,discuss the change you wish to make via [issue on our bug tracker](https://trac.osgeo.org/osgeolive/report/1),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, read the Pull Request Process section and if necessary, discuss the change you wish to make via [issue on our bug tracker](https://trac.osgeo.org/osgeolive/report/1),
```

[OSGeoLive mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/osgeolive), or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

By submitting you are agreeing to make your content available via our [open license policy](https://live.osgeo.org/en/copyright.html).

> In the same manner, when translating on Transifex, you are agreeing to make your translations following those licence terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same manner, when translating on [Transifex](https://explore.transifex.com/osgeo/osgeolive/), you are agreeing to make your translations following those licence terms.
```

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Evaluate the change
2. If necessary, sign the **contributor licensing agreement**
3. For big changes fill, eventually engage discussion in a new issue or in the mailing list.
4. Make the PR

### Evaluate the change

> In the OSGeoLive, we see 2 type of contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the OSGeoLive, we see two types of contribution.
```

The work is your original creation.
You (or your company) are not required to provide support for your contributions.
You (or your company) should read and understand the entire CLA before signing it. Our description of it is not legally binding.

Please send your CLA to the [OSGeoLive mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/osgeolive).

#### OSGeoLive CLA example

"I want to contribute XXX to OSGeoLive. I acknowledge that my contributions will be in line with OSGeoLive's Open licenses and OSGeo Code of Conduct."

### How does the OBVIOUS FIX RULE work?

Any committer may commit fixes without first signing a CLA for obvious typos, grammar mistakes, and formatting problems wherever they may be.

Whenever you invoke the Obvious Fix Rule, please say so in your commit message. For example:

> commit 375t3248vkdd912b0cf9c1d1e99b13
  Author: javier <javi@carto.com>
  Date: Tue Jul 24 12:15:03 2013 -0500
  Fix typo in install file docs.
  Obvious fix.

## Translation process
### Join a translation team and translate

1. Create an account or login on [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/osgeo/osgeolive/)
2. Request joining a translation team
3. Translate ! 

> 4. Please consider adding your self to our [contributor list](https://github.com/OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc/blob/master/contributors.csv), if you don't know how to use git, please contact a maintainer.

Reviewer 2: yourself  not your self

> 4. Please consider adding your self to our [contributor list](https://github.com/OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc/blob/master/contributors.csv), if you don't know how to use git, please contact a maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Please consider adding yourself to our [contributor list](https://github.com/OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc/blob/master/contributors.csv), if you don't know how to use git, please contact a maintainer.
```

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via [issue on our bug tracker](https://trac.osgeo.org/osgeolive/report/1),
[OSGeoLive mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/osgeolive), or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

By submitting you are agreeing to make your content available via our [open license policy](https://live.osgeo.org/en/copyright.html).

In the same manner, when translating on Transifex, you are agreeing to make your translations following those licence terms.

> Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

Reviewer 3: Missing link to code of conduct.

Reviewer 3: Hmm, too many things in one file, (just saw the code of conduct down)

Reviewer: > Missing link to code of conduct.

Shall it be this one? https://www.osgeo.org/code_of_conduct/

Reviewer 4: yes

Reviewer 4: I will close this one and merge. We can make improvement on another PR

## Pull Request Process

1. TO-DO

## Translation process
### Join a translation team and translate

1. Create an account or login on [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/osgeo/osgeolive/)
2. Request joining a translation team
3. Translate ! 
4. Please consider adding your self to our [contributor list](https://github.com/OSGeo/OSGeoLive-doc/blob/master/contributors.csv), if you don't know how to use git, please contact a maintainer.

> 

Reviewer 3: Right now we have the egg-hen problem.
egg = sign contirbution agreement
hen = start translating, we will use your translations

the hen is already given, but we didnt have the egg

### Request a new language

1. TO-DO

## Code of Conduct

> **Bakaniko's comment:** This part was part of the template, it can be

Reviewer 3: Can be in a separate file

* Changes in build or installation scripts;
* Re-ordering of objects or subroutines within a source file (such as alphabetizing routines);
* Moving source files from one directory or package to another, with no changes in code;
* Breaking a source file into multiple source files, or consolidating multiple source files into one source file, with no change in code behavior;
* Changes to words or phrases isolated from their context;
* Changes to typeface.

#### Things that would still require signing a CLA before submitting would likely include stuff like the following:

* Any of the above actions that result in a change in functionality;
* Adding a new project;
* Adding a new file (Overview, Quickstart);
* Joining a translation team;
* Requesting a new language;
* A new feature in the installation files;
* Extensive or creative comments.

### CLA
A contributor licensing agreement (CLA) must be filled out by every contributor to OSGeoLive.

The CLA makes everyone’s rights clear:

You (or your company) grant copyright license for your contributions to CARTO.
You (or your company) grant patent license for your contributions to CARTO.

> The contribution is entirely voluntary.

Author: I'm not sure to understand your point of view correctly.
I'll wait @cvvergara , @kalxas, @camerons point of view on that.

Maybe @astroidex and @darkblue-b as well

> The contribution is entirely voluntary.

Reviewer 2: CLA - do we ask contributors to sign a CLA at the moment?
